Hadley, over to you. Thanks Ella. Let's go.
Okay, you can hopefully see my screen and you can still see my screen.
Yes, awesome. Okay, so thanks for having me and today I want to talk about using
Claude Code for R. And I'm mostly going to be focusing on programming, not data analysis.
Maybe you can ask me a bit about Claude Code for data analysis at the end if you want,
but I want to focus on using it for software engineering because that's what I've been doing
a bunch of lately. So to give you a little bit of a sense of what I've been using Claude Code for,
I have been doing like a little bit of vibe coding. So I made my first Swift app so I could
do a talk timer on my iPhone, which I guess I should be using today, but I've got. I also made
a live polling app in Go and I also tried making an R package for generating slide images, which
you'll see those images a little bit later. But I don't really want to talk about vibe coding today
because I think you hear a ton about that already. What I want to talk about is
just using it for coding because Claude Code has very quickly become an essential part of my
software engineering toolkit. So most recently I've been using a dbplyr and test that and both
of these are like big important packages where they have to be right. So dbplyr translates
to SQL. It's eight years old. It's heavily used in enterprise workflows. Test that,
use for unit testing and R. It's 16 years old and it's used by I think now over 10,000 R packages.
So these are places like these are longstanding established R packages used by tons of people
where it's important to get it right. And so Claude Code has now become like I think an
indispensable part of my software engineering toolkit. So I'm going to start with a little
bit of sort of provocation and then I'm going to perhaps ill-advisedly have a go at
doing some live Claude Code demos for you. And so somewhat provocatively I'm going to start with a
quote, a quote from me. And that is it's really starting to feel to me like Claude Code is just
as important as Git for high quality software engineering. And I think this is a pretty
provocative and maybe provoking statement, but I have been really impressed with the last round
of models, particularly Opus 4.5 and 4.6 and their ability to write R code.
Kind of in the small, not necessarily, they're not great at assembling like large
chunks of code. They're not great at organizing, you know, thinking really big and figuring out
what problems you want to solve. But they're certainly like often better than me at writing
like functions that are correct. And I should also say like I'm going to be talking about
Claude Code today. That's what I use. I think the other tools like Cursor and Cursor and Codex
and Gemini, they're all kind of much of a muchness. But my sense is certainly for R code,
Claude has the lead right now. And if this statement is a little scary
to you, you know, I think that's totally reasonable. But to me, it feels like
software engineering has like changed irrevocably. The G is out of the bottle and there's no way
for us to stuff this back in. I certainly have like deeply ambivalent feelings about many of
the consequences of generative AI and LLMs, but there's no going back. We have to
like embrace this. We have to try and grapple with what this means. But I think the good news is like
this has not taken any of the joy of programming away from me. Like I'm still,
I still love my job. I still love engaging code. It's just the way that I engage with code has
changed a little bit. Like no longer is it me like directly typing the code into the computer.
It's me kind of like mediating my thoughts via Claude, who's then going to write a lot of the
code. And to me, this is still like very much like a one-on-one model. Like certainly people
are kind of spawning factories of robots who are doing their bidding, or you might have heard of
Gastown, which is even more disturbing and independent and swarms of agents starting
other agents and telling agents what to do. But I think this is definitely kind of like a fork in
the path because while you certainly can use Claude code to really increase the quantity
of code you're using, you could also use it to increase the quality of code that you're producing.
And I think one of the things that's really interesting to me is that a lot of the best
practices for humans actually turn out to be best practices for agents as well. And
kind of weirdly and unfortunately, it feels like we're willing to do these things for
agents that we've never been willing to do or have been less willing to do for our colleagues
in the past. But this is just things like having meaningful file names is just as important
today. We'll hopefully see a little bit later. Like Claude, when it's looking for files,
it's going to take a stab at what you might name the file and glob through a bunch of directories.
So just as useful for your AI assistant as for your human colleagues. Similarly,
using consistent prefixes and suffixes for function names, file names, in the same way
that these help situate humans, they also help situate agents. Similarly, using comments to
capture the why are really important. LLMs, I think by default, still tend to write a lot of
unnecessary comments. Comments that just kind of explain what they're doing, which are not so
useful. But you can certainly prompt them to do better and you yourself can continue to write
comments. And I think one of the things that I find a little interesting and surprising is like,
I don't know, it feels like agents are better at reading the comments than I am. They will
actually read stuff that previous me has written and take that into account, where it's very easy
for me when I'm working on something to skip over. Another thing that turns out to be even more
important for agents than for humans is like having high test coverage. Write unit tests
and run them. And we'll talk more about this a little bit later, but I think one of the things
that makes Cloud Code profoundly different to just using a chat on the web is this feedback loop,
that it can write code and it can write tests and it can run the test and see if they're
returning the right thing. And while there's certainly lots of potential failure modes there,
that kind of idea of having the implementation of a code and expectations of the code written
semi-independently, that really helps improve the quality of the code and makes it less likely that
the agent is going to make a dumb mistake. Another thing that I've found really useful
is aggressively refactoring code bases, refactorings that probably never would have
reached the threshold of being worthwhile to do previously, because the cost of writing code
has dropped so dramatically with Cloud Code that tackling these things is now much, much,
much more worthwhile than it was before. And that helps you, obviously, not just humans,
but also helps the agents that are going to be looking at the code. And similarly,
enforcing style guides, telling the agent what to do, telling your human colleagues what to do,
super, super useful. Because at the end of the day, I think it's still your code,
regardless of whether you have produced it by hand typing it or you've used your robotic
amanuensis to take your thoughts and turn them into code, you are still responsible for it.
You have to own your work. Because if it goes wrong, you can't blame Cloud. It's your
responsibility at the end of the day. And I think it's just as important as it ever was to continue
to sweat the details. It's always been possible to half-ass writing code. It's easier than ever
now. You can half-ass writing Cloud Code. But you can also put the time in and the effort in
and really sweat the details and get something fantastic out of it. Because at the end of the day,
I think a coding agent can take you where you want to go. And it can often do it more quickly
than you might have been able to do so yourself. But it can't pick the destination. You are still
in the driver's seat, although not in this image. You are still directing the process. It's your
responsibility to figure out what is actually important. What are you trying to do?
So that's kind of the provocation. I think Cloud Code is really important.
Maybe a little provocatively, but I think it's probably as important to get to me today.
And we all have to grapple. There are a lot of big feelings around this. We have to be grappling
with this because it can make you so much more productive. And not just producing more code,
but producing better code. So now I want to show you a little bit about what that looks like.
So I think there are really four ways to interact with LLMs right now. The first is,
and the place that I think pretty much everyone starts, is using a chatbot on the web. I think
everyone's pretty familiar with this. They can be great for writing R functions. They can be great
for all sorts of questions, I'm sure. Many of you understand. Many people are using these every day
for all sorts of things, not just R code. And from there, you can kind of go in two directions.
The one direction, which I'm not going to spend any time on today, is you can start writing code
to use the chatbot. So you could use a package like Elmer, for example, if you're an R user.
And you can use that for all sorts of data science tasks. And in particular, I think one of the data
science superpowers you get with Elmer is, and LLMs, is the ability to turn unstructured data,
whether that's text, or images, or audio, or video, kind of all of these types of data that
as data scientists were pretty hard to wrestle with previously, you can use an LLM. You can
use structured data tools to turn these into nice, tidy, rectangular data sets.
And then you've got all of your existing tools to use with it.
The other direction I think you can go to is, well, if you start doing a bunch of copying and
pasting, well, if you're writing a bunch of code in Claude or chatGBT, you're going to start to
do a bunch of copy and pasting. And to me, that's kind of feels like the bad old days,
like before Suite, before R Markdown, before Cordo, where you'd be doing something in R,
like you produce a nice plot, and you copy and paste it, and stick it into your Word document.
And that's fine as far as it goes. But of course, your data changes. You made a mistake in the code.
Now you've got to re-copy and paste. And that turns out that repeated copying and pasting from
one program to another is just a bad workflow. It's frustrating. It's prone. It's full of inaccuracies.
So the next place you might go is instead of using an external chatbot, you might embed
the chatbot inside of wherever you're writing code. And so you might have heard we've been
recently working on this tool called Posit Assistant for RStudio. And we have Positron,
Assistant for Positron, soon to be unified. So we'll have Posit Assistant everywhere.
But two big advantages here. First of all, you're no longer copying and pasting. The agents can now
edit your scripts directly. And the other big advantage is they have so much more context
about what you can do. They know what packages you have loaded. They know what variables are
going on in your R session. Because they have all of that additional context, they can do
a much, much better job. And then a step further away from that, the next step is moving towards
these coding agents, where now you mostly just interact with this text box in a terminal,
by and large. And it's going to go away into a bunch of autonomous stuff.
It's a little bit hard to explain this. I'm going to take my best stab. But we're going to switch
to a demo shortly. So if this doesn't make sense, don't worry too much. Hopefully, you'll see more
about how this feels in practice. Because it doesn't feel like this is so different in terms
of the components. But just the feel of using it is quite, quite different. So what makes a coding
agent? Well, first of all, the least important difference is you're typically in a terminal
user interface rather than a GUI. I think this is mostly a cosmetic difference. I think we're
seeing these kind of terminal user interfaces, I don't know, basically. Because I think every
software engineer feels a little bit threatened by LLMs. And so we're kind of going back a little
bit in this kind of nostalgic era of the 80s and 90s and interacting with the computer via terminal.
It's also just a big old custom system prompt with some advice about writing code. Again,
not that useful and not that interesting. A bigger difference is it comes with a bunch of
built-in tools. Tools for doing things like searching for files in the current directory
or reading parts of a file or entire file. And then also tools for changing those
files, like creating new files or editing existing files. And then the kind of a piece
that brings us all together is that it can also run tools on the command line. It can basically
run any tool on your computer. And that means it can run R code. And that gives
Cloud Code this feedback loop. It's no longer just blindly creating something, giving it to you,
the human, to run and give it feedback. It's going to autonomously run code, look at the results,
and then make decisions based on that. And I kind of pulled this slide from a very old
workshop I gave about writing, developing code, developing packages in R using div tools.
But this is what you're trying to do as a human, right? You want to build up a good
feedback loop that no one reliably writes code correctly first time. I mean, maybe some people
do. I certainly don't. But so you need some feedback loop. You need to be able to write code
and then test it to make sure it's correct. And this role of unit testing is still incredibly,
incredibly important, more important today than it's ever been, because it gives you this kind
of double entry bookkeeping system where you've kind of declared what you want in two different
places in two slightly different ways. And if those two agree, then the chances are that the
code is correct. Of course, it's still possible to make the same mistake in multiple places,
but much, much, much less likely to make the same mistake in two places in exactly the same.
And so this is what code gives you, particularly when you couple it with some information about
how to run R code. So when you're using code code, you're going to have a core MD. That is what we
give instructions that needs to know to use your tool, understand your tool. And our kind of
standard code code set up has all of this information about, well, how do you run R code?
Well, you use the R script command line, you call DevTools and you run that code,
you run the tests, you do this. If you want to document the baggage, you do that. If you want to
check the package, you do this. And so this gives for the ability to not just do stuff,
but to kind of tell if it's done the right thing. So let's dive in. Oops, and I canceled my
screen share. Let's dive in with an example. I'm going to try and hide my Zoom time.
Okay. So I'm here in the Roxygen package and I have found three issues that we're going to have
a go at for code solving. So we're going to kind of tear up in terms of difficulty,
but this first one, let's take a look at the issue. Pausing Nimble code gives a
unclosed curly bracket. And I looked at this issue earlier and I immediately
popped into my head, I better know what's going on. And that is when you document something that's
not a function with Roxygen2, it automatically calls class on it. So it can generate something.
Let's see if I can give an example of what's happening.
So this is an example of documenting a dataset. And whenever you document something that's not
a function, it ends up in this kind of dataset path somewhat weirdly. And so if you document
this specific type of object produced by the Nimble package, you're going to get an error.
And I'm pretty sure it's because it's an object class. And this reminds me of this very weird
thing that if you quote a single back tick, let me quote this, let me quote that, it has this very
weird class. So I kind of knew that from my background knowledge. I put that kind of hint
in here. I bet we can simplify it. Now I see that's not actually correct. It should be like this.
Now that I've actually tested that interactively. So I'm recording this knowledge in the issue.
I think that's good practice. Whenever I'm working on a more complicated issue,
I try to record that knowledge in the issue. That's good for me coming back.
And hopefully the quad code will pick up on this. So I'm going to open up a terminal.
And I've got to clear this earlier. Oh, let me see.
Seeing everything I was doing before. So I'm in a terminal.
And I'm going to launch quad code. So I'm just running this inside a terminal inside Positron,
which is kind of crazy. And then I'm going to tell it what to do. And one super kind
of interesting technique is I can say, okay, just fix this issue.
And it's going to think a little bit. And so one of the things that says in our quad code is how
to find out more information about the issue. So it's going to use the GH tool. It's going to
download that issue and it's going to read all the comments. So it's doing much like you would
do as a human, right? If I told you to fix this issue, well, the first thing you're going to do
is go and read it. And it's going to search. Okay. So it's gone off.
Okay. So it did that. It failed. Maybe it listened to me. It's finally figured out,
okay, I'm going to do this. So one of the things that quad code does, it's not particularly
brilliant. What it is, is it's like dogged. It is just going to grind away again and again and
again. And it's going to make a ton of done mistakes. Often it's sometimes it corrects
itself. Sometimes it doesn't, but this thing has grit. It's just going to grind away until it
solves this problem. So it's doing a few little experiments, like, okay, I'm going to see what
this is. Just doing some investigation. Okay. It's doing a little experiment where it's going
to try and document it. And this is specifically, okay, it's not doing a very good job.
So this is the type of thing where like, if I wasn't in a talk, you could just let it like
grind away for, oh my gosh, what is it doing now? Okay. So it's going to make a whole entire
package somewhere. And it's just checking with me that it's okay to run it. It's going to document
it. It's fine. Sure. It's going to read this file.
I'm going to steer it. Try documenting.
Okay. It's just going to hear off. I'm just going to like let it do a bunch of stuff and
let's see how, okay. Okay. Yes. Awesome. So it's finally, it's created like a reproducible
example, right? Again, it's working much like you might tackle this as a human. Like the first thing
it does is create a reproducible example. And the kind of thing that's like cool about the
reproducible example is it actually went away and created an entire like tiny little package,
which is something like, you know, maybe I would eventually do,
but it's kind of annoying. It would take a little while. And so it's finally,
oh, this is interesting. Okay. So it's decided to fix it.
Figured out what the problem is. It decided to call it the escape ID braces function.
And then it's like, oh, actually, well, I need to create that function too. So it goes away and does
that. So now it's going to check it. And then we'll see if it's successful. Okay. So produces it. And
so now it's going to add a test. So that's good. And it's going to figure it out. Actually, it
doesn't have to recreate the entire thing. The entire document is now this calls the format
helper that it can actually use. And then it's added a new bullet point and it's going to go
away and change it. And at this point, I'm just going to open my Git pane and just see what it's
actually done. That news bullet. If you look at my core.md, like there's a, so then this is all
from, we have a helper in the development version of use this called use code code that will create
this, but this just kind of, this just accumulates all of the little things it's done wrong when it
adds news bullets in the past. So I've explicitly told it like, okay, put the function name first
and reference the issue number. And what's this changed here? Okay. It's added a test.
And that looks correct. So the one thing I might do here is,
and I'm going to try and be realistic with the way I actually type. The other thing that's great
about when you're working with LLMs is I just like slam my fingers on the keys.
And, you know, if various things I'm missing or out of order, then I'm just like, okay,
go, go for it. And it will normally figure it out. So if I was doing this for human,
oh, gosh, no. Okay. So it's like, okay. Actually, wait, don't do that. It isn't.
Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll take, I'll just keep going for, okay.
Okay. So now I've done the specs. And so I don't yet trust code to do any of the get stuff for me.
So now I'm just going to make this, I'll call it escape braces.
And now humans are going to read this. So I have to type carefully.
And now I've already forgotten what issue that was. Fixes 1744. I'll commit that and push that.
So what I'll typically do with a pull request like this, or in fact, any pull request I do
that isn't going to be reviewed by another separate human, is I'll just like let this sit,
like ideally for at least 24 hours. So I've kind of like forgotten what I did,
because that's about as long as my memory lasts. And then I'll come back and kind of look at it
with fresh eyes. And then I can be like, okay, well, you know, this looks good or this doesn't.
A problem solved. So let's now tackle a slightly, how are we going for time?
Got about 15 minutes. Okay. Okay. I think we'll go. So let's, I'm going to skip this.
Let's skip this one. It's a little bit more complicated and jump to
this bigger issue, which is to move to a 4.0 dependency. So let's switch back to Positron.
I'm going to close this PR. I'm going to switch back to Quads. And one thing I'm going to do here
is I'm going to clear it. And this is basically just, you don't have to do this, but I'm basically
saying like, I'm tackling a new problem now. So just ignore everything we've talked about.
We're going to tackle something new. And what I want to tackle in this one is currently
Roxygen 2 depends on R3.6. But according to the tidyverse backward compatibility rules,
we can now move to R4.0. And so this is kind of a bigger job. So I'm going to say, come up with
a plan for upgrading Roxygen 2 to, from R3.6 to 4.0. Think about pipes, inline lenders,
and raw drinks. And this is what Michael suggested.
So rather than, so the big thing, the big difference here is I'm asking you to come
up with a plan. So I'm not going to say, if it's a simple thing, I'll just say, go and do it.
But for bigger tasks, I'll say, hey, can you come up with a plan first?
And so let's see what it's going to do. Okay. Well, first it's going to
research. Okay. It's going to actually do some Googling to figure out what are new features in
R4.0. Okay. That's kind of cool. So you can see it's doing a couple of things at the same time.
It's exploring the code, and it's exploring what are R4.0 features, and it's looking for that
issue I pointed to. So, oh gosh, now it's reading the news. Good luck with that.
Well, we'll see how it goes. So again, Cloud Code, not always, like obviously does,
is not as intimately familiar with what we might do as maybe I am on a good day,
but it's going to go off and do a bunch of research. It's just going to churn away,
like reading a lot of webpages, which also reminds me, like, this is one of the things
that I keep meaning to do, which would be useful for humans too. Like, because in the tidyverse,
we are like five years behind the latest in R. I keep meaning to make us write a blog post. Like,
we should write a blog post. Like, hey, we can finally use R4.0. Like,
what are all the cool new features in R4.0? Okay. So what's it doing?
Okay. So it's come up with a plan. So let's read the plan.
It's going to bump the R version. Okay. That's a good start. Okay. Forgotten about
and strings as factors went away in R4.0. So it can get rid of all of these.
It can also convert single line anonymous functions to use this new syntax.
And it can use raw strings.
You convert, so you convert single line anonymous functions to use this new syntax
And it can use RAW Strings instead of these, like, really complicated, uh
Let's see if we can find an example
I bet there's more in the tests
Uh
Let me say, uh, look in the tests for all places
So this this is like really good because I can inspect its plan and I can be like, oh, okay
Oh, you forgot about this
Um, okay, so that refined me
Yeah
Uh, and I just have to think I don't think it uses
The other thing we might want to check is does it use
Does use per so maybe it uses
Oh, yeah, so I should can also say
Oh, yeah, so I don't know if you I kind of skipped back there pretty quickly
But it created a regular expression to search for yeah, look at this
It's like looking for all the places where there might be tons and tons of backslashes
Uh, one of the things I think I might have gotten better now
But one of the things that I thought was really funny is that at least when I tried this out a while ago
It reliably create incorrect regular expression
So like creating the right regular expression to find like three backslashes in the row is just as hard as for quadcode
for humans
So it's going to turn away and I'll also say don't forget
to look for
That indicate anonymous
Old style
And so i'm kind of like it's doing stuff i'm giving it feedback, uh, it kind of will hopefully
um
Integrate that nicely but the big idea here is like the complicated stuff really really worthwhile to do a plan
Because then you can inspect it look for any big problems and then you can say go
okay, go go off and do that, which uh, we won't have time for today, but
Let's see how much longer it takes
So, hopefully a little bit it'll come up with an updated plan
It's searching
Thinking
Well, I was doing that maybe
A couple of more minutes on your on your talk for time for q a.m. Wrap up, please. Yep. Okay
So we'll leave it there. It's come up with a
Good plan and i'm gonna quickly so that's to conclude it
So what I wanted to um
You know really emphasize is that I think what you see so much of ford code like in the
The media with all of the sort of vibe coding and you know, like driving through the desert as fast as you possibly can
You know like driving through the desert as fast as you possibly can
Uh running over anything that might be in your way
Absolutely, you can do that with cord code, but there is I think an alternative pathway
You can take which is really thinking about quality
And I would you know strongly encourage you to adopt that mindset when you look at cord code
And so just to kind of like
Thumb up and I forgot to update these images, I guess
So, you know the the genie is out of the bottle I think software engineering has changed irrevocably
Regardless of how you feel about that. You've kind of got to figure out ways to cope with it
And but at least in my experience you can still have a huge amount of fun programming and writing our code
And you just have to change your mindset that you're maybe no longer directly typing our code you're talking with
You're talking with claude it is still
It is producing the code for you
And you but you still absolutely get out what you put in like you can create sloppy vibe coded garbage
Sure, go ahead and do that if you want, but you can also use these tools to produce
You know really high quality
Pieces of art it's not going to like save you that much time compared to what you would have done previously
But I think you can go further you can tackle problems in new domains
And you can still continue to produce really high code high quality code
Thank you
Oh, thank you so much hudley that was
so fascinating to
To to hear your thoughts on that but also to see in practice how it all
How it all works and how you use it. Uh, we've got about
Five to seven minutes for for a q a we've had 10 in the chat
And we've been asking people to upvote them because I don't think we've got time to go through all of them
um, but the the top question that you're getting is
If ai generates code replaces our need to type code
What would you say are the key skills for a data scientist now?
And i'm going to extend that slightly to data scientists and software engineer
Yeah, uh, yeah
I mean the the one thing that's obvious to me is like
like maybe like I think you have the
the relative value of
Writing code has decreased
but the relative value of reading code has increased because you still need to like if you don't know what
That code is doing you're in a very very dangerous place
So you still like all of those skills around reading and understanding and critiquing and thinking about code
Are super super critical. I think that's one place where it's clear like you still want to have a human loop
You still want to be you know, checking what's going on
the other thing which is kind of harder to illustrate in a little snippet like this is they just don't have a good sense of
like
the big
Picture stuff like obviously they don't know what you should be doing. They don't know like for data analysis. They're also like not good
But I should say the other big difference with data analysis between data analysis and software engineering is software engineering
You have unit tests
Like, you know what the correct answer is and you can enforce that
When you're doing data analysis when you're doing data science, you do not know what the correct answer is
And it's bringing this like combination of like skepticism and curiosity to it as a human
But that feedback loop is missing and I think it makes it much much harder for it's going to take longer for ai to really
transform data science in the same way it has
um
software engineering
But certainly like the cost of making like a simple shiny app to interactively explore some part of your data
That has dropped from you know, being a multi-hour investment to be maybe, you know, two minutes of work
And so it's really changed. I think it's really changing
uh the trade-offs
So I I don't know how that's going to play off but play out in the long run like like no one knows that
But I think you know pushing for higher quality by
Like doing more by instead of having to struggle to write that shiny app whip up a quick prototype
100% fine to vibe code that you're the only person that's going to be using it
You're going to use it for 15 minutes and throw it away
Like as the cost of code decreases
the value of these like throwaway apps increases
And it gives you that ability to kind of like really narrow in like an interesting bit of data and explore that
Thank you
Yeah, it's yeah
It's so interesting what you say about like the reading and the writing and how those how those how that balance shifts
I guess kind of a follow-up question to that is our is our next most upvoted question
Which is that there was a randomized trial by actually by a pro llm organization that found that llm assisted bug fixes
Actually end up taking approximately 20% more developer time while the developer thought they were saving time
And whilst as if says he's not an active lm
M user your example kind of resonates for me and this question popped up on the on the curly brace example
Would you have fisked this example braces bug faster on your own? Like what's been your experience?
That's yeah
that's an interesting one because I think that's a class of problems of like we knew like I know like I'm
Like I know there's like one line of code that I need to change to fix that which is basically what the l did
But for me to like remember where that line of code is
I mean, maybe I would have been able to track it down, but I don't think it would have been
That much faster and the kind of advantage of like, you know, I would have if I was doing this in real life
I would have like just let it rip
While I was like triaging other bugs
So I would be able to do something at the same time that I was tracking down that problem
So I I 100% agree that it is very easy to pull yourself that to make yourself feel like you're moving faster
With an lm where you're not actually moving any faster than you were before it just like feels
Faster or more fun or different in some ways and you have to be alert for that
but I
I think a lot. Yeah, so you have to balance that but certainly for me
On the whole like it's a big I think it's a big performance boost for me
That either does make me a lot faster
Maybe like twice as fast when i'm tackling certain a certain class of problems and that is like a pretty amazing
performance improvement for me
Well when we think about how much you got done without relying on cloud code, um
Your extraordinarily prolific output
This is an exciting time for for our users and developers if you're if you're going to be doubling your output
um
So so that's actually counteracted by the fact that I have more meetings
Now so I kind of feel like me plus quad code is productive me plus quad code plus meetings is equivalent to me
Without or quad code without meetings. So that's I I do enjoy that
Okay, fair enough. Fair enough
well hadley
there are lots of other questions and
unfortunately, we're not going to have time to to go through them all but if you are
I'm, not sure if you if you join the discord server, but if you're happy to
do that and and chat a little bit more if your people would appreciate that but um,
Otherwise, thank you so much for um
For for coming along to be our keynote today and your support of the conference in general
We really really appreciate you and all the work that you do for the our community
I am gonna
Switch over now to a brief
Uh closing for the conference. I I I know it's late at least it is but at our time